Fix the configurations of distributed deployment page (#6270)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/distributed-deployment/deploying-wso2-api-m-in-a-distributed-setup.md

    throttle_decision_endpoints = ["tcp://control-plane-host:5672"]
    ```

    !!! Info

>         In here, throttle configurations are used to configure both traffic management as well as event hub for the gateway. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Rate limiting configurations are used to configure both traffic management as well as the event hub for the Gateway in this scenario. 
```

        
        Gateway will publish gateway invocation related events to the TM using the `apim.throttling.url_group`. Traffic managers will receive these events and throttle decisions will be published to gateway. To receive these throttle decisions, gateway has to create a JMS connection using `throttle_decision_endpoints` and listen.

        The same JMS connection will be used to subscribe for events received from the event hub. Gateway will subscribe for API/Application/Subscription and Keymanager operations related events. `service_url` points to the internal API resides in the event hub that is used to pull artifacts and information from the db.

3. Add the following configuration to the deployment.toml file to configure the Gateway environment. Change the `gateway_labels` property based on your Gateway environment.

    ```toml
    [apim.sync_runtime_artifacts.gateway]
    gateway_labels =["Default"]
    ```

    !!! Info

>         Once an API is deployed/undeployed, Control plan will send a deploy/undeploy event to the gateways. Using this configuration, gateway will filter out it's relevant deploy/undeploy events and retrieve the artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Once an API is deployed/undeployed, Control Plane will send a deploy/undeploy event to the gateways. Using this configuration, the Gateway will filter out its relevant deploy/undeploy events and retrieve the artifacts.
```

    wss_endpoint = "wss://[api-gateway-host]:8099"
    http_endpoint = "http://[api-gateway-host]:${http.nio.port}"
    https_endpoint = "https://[api-gateway-host]:${https.nio.port}"
    ```

    !!! Info

>         This configuration is used for deploying APIs to the Gateway and for connecting the Developer Portal component to the Gateway if the gateway is shared across tenants. If the gateway is not used in multiple tenants, you can create a [Gateway Environment using the admin portal]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/deploy-api/exposing-apis-via-custom-hostnames/#using-a-new-gateway-environment-to-expose-apis-via-custom-hostnames).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This configuration is used for deploying APIs to the Gateway and for connecting the Developer Portal component to the Gateway if the Gateway is shared across tenants. If the Gateway is not used in multiple tenants, you can create a [Gateway Environment using the Admin Portal]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/deploy-api/exposing-apis-via-custom-hostnames/#using-a-new-gateway-environment-to-expose-apis-via-custom-hostnames).  
```

>         Please note that in the above configurations, `service_url` points to the `9443` port of the gateway node while `http_endpoint` and `https_endpoint` points to the `http` and `https nio ports` (8280 and 8243).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Note that in the above configurations, `service_url` points to the `9443` port of the Gateway node, while `http_endpoint` and `https_endpoint` points to the `http` and `https nio ports` (8280 and 8243).
```

    **Add Event Hub Configurations**:

>     Add event hub configurations only if you have High Availability for the Control plane. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Add event hub configurations only if you have High Availability for the Control Plane. 
```

    ```toml
    # Event Hub configurations
    [apim.event_hub]
    enable = true
    username= "$ref{super_admin.username}"
    password= "$ref{super_admin.password}"
    service_url = "https://localhost:${mgt.transport.https.port}/services/"
    event_listening_endpoints = ["tcp://localhost:5672"]
    event_duplicate_url = ["tcp://apim-cp-2:5672"]

    [[apim.event_hub.publish.url_group]]
    urls = ["tcp://control-plane-1-host:9611"]
    auth_urls = ["ssl://control-plane-1-host:9711"]

    [[apim.event_hub.publish.url_group]]
    urls = ["tcp://control-plane-2-host:9611"]
    auth_urls = ["ssl://control-plane-2-host:9711"]
    ```

    !!! Info
        As there are two event hubs in a HA setup, each event hub has to publish events to both event streams. This will be done through the event streams created with `apim.event_hub.publish.url_group`. The token revocation events that are received to an event hub will be duplicated to the other event hub using `event_duplicate_url`.

    **Add Event Listener Configurations**:

>     Below configurations are only added to the control plane if you are using the resident key manager (resides in the Control Plane). If you are using WSO2 IS as keymanager, you need to add these in the IS node. Once you add the below configurations, Control plane or Identity Server will listen to token revocation events and invoke the `notification_endpoint` regarding the revoked token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The below configurations are only added to the Control Plane if you are using the Resident Key Manager (which resides in the Control Plane). If you are using WSO2 IS as a Key Manager, you need to add these to the IS node. Once you add the below configurations, the Control Plane or Identity Server will listen to token revocation events and invoke the `notification_endpoint` regarding the revoked token. 
```
